docs: Create RELEASING.md (#565)
MindscapeHQ/raygun4net: RELEASING.md

# Releasing Raygun4Net

This release process is currently under review: https://github.com/MindscapeHQ/raygun4net/issues/561

> Raygun for Net is published on nuget.org under the [mindscapehq account](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/mindscapehq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raygun4Net is published on nuget.org under the [mindscapehq account](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/mindscapehq).
```

- MAJOR version when you make incompatible changes
- MINOR version when you add functionality in a backward compatible manner
- PATCH version when you make backward compatible bug fixes

To learn more about semantic versioning check: https://semver.org/

## Versioning in Raygun4Net

There are 3 variables for building which represent the version numbering.

- `assemblyVersion`: The assembly version should be set to the major version, because of this it won't be prompted, it
needs to be updated when we do a major version release. When the version being released is `8.1.0` the assembly
version must stay as `8.0.0` and only when we do an API change or have a valid reason to increment the major version
will we change it to `9.0.0`

- `version`: Version is the current version for the release that is signed into the assembly, regardless of the Package
Version. i.e. `8.1.0`

- `packageVersion`: `PackageVersion` is used by NuGet, this should be the same as `version` except you can change it if
you need to, i.e. to include `-pre-1` to indicate that `8.1.0` is prerelease version 1. Enter in `8.1.0-pre-1` when
prompted.

## Preparing for release

> To build releases, you need access to Raygun's internal TeamCity instance.

Reviewer: Not sure if we want to expose internal systems. let's check with the team on this

Author: Yes, I don't want to share more than necessary, although it already appears in the PRs that we use TC, so it's not really a secret

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/81311f9d-9889-4fb2-9f87-310860d10085)
